
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" /><meta name="generator" content="Docutils 0.17.1: http://docutils.sourceforge.net/" />

    <title>pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 9 May 2019 &#8212; pyOpenSci Governance</title>
    
  <!-- Loaded before other Sphinx assets -->
  <link href="../../../_static/styles/theme.css?digest=1999514e3f237ded88cf" rel="stylesheet">
<link href="../../../_static/styles/pydata-sphinx-theme.css?digest=1999514e3f237ded88cf" rel="stylesheet">

    
  <link rel="stylesheet"
    href="../../../_static/vendor/fontawesome/5.13.0/css/all.min.css">
  <link rel="preload" as="font" type="font/woff2" crossorigin
    href="../../../_static/vendor/fontawesome/5.13.0/webfonts/fa-solid-900.woff2">
  <link rel="preload" as="font" type="font/woff2" crossorigin
    href="../../../_static/vendor/fontawesome/5.13.0/webfonts/fa-brands-400.woff2">

    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../_static/pygments.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/styles/sphinx-book-theme.css?digest=5115cc725059bd94278eecd172e13a965bf8f5a9" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../_static/mystnb.4510f1fc1dee50b3e5859aac5469c37c29e427902b24a333a5f9fcb2f0b3ac41.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../_static/copybutton.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../_static/design-style.4045f2051d55cab465a707391d5b2007.min.css" />
    
  <!-- Pre-loaded scripts that we'll load fully later -->
  <link rel="preload" as="script" href="../../../_static/scripts/pydata-sphinx-theme.js?digest=1999514e3f237ded88cf">

    <script data-url_root="../../../" id="documentation_options" src="../../../_static/documentation_options.js"></script>
    <script src="../../../_static/jquery.js"></script>
    <script src="../../../_static/underscore.js"></script>
    <script src="../../../_static/doctools.js"></script>
    <script src="../../../_static/clipboard.min.js"></script>
    <script src="../../../_static/copybutton.js"></script>
    <script src="../../../_static/scripts/sphinx-book-theme.js?digest=9c920249402e914e316237a7dbc6769907cce411"></script>
    <script src="../../../_static/design-tabs.js"></script>
    <link rel="index" title="Index" href="../../../genindex.html" />
    <link rel="search" title="Search" href="../../../search.html" />
    <link rel="next" title="pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 30 May 2019" href="2019-05-30-notes.html" />
    <link rel="prev" title="pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 18 April 2019" href="2019-04-18-notes.html" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
    <meta name="docsearch:language" content="None">
    

    <!-- Google Analytics -->
    
<script async="" src="https://www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js"></script>
<script>
                        window.ga = window.ga || function () {
                            (ga.q = ga.q || []).push(arguments) };
                        ga.l = +new Date;
                        ga('create', 'UA-141260825-1', 'auto');
                        ga('set', 'anonymizeIp', true);
                        ga('send', 'pageview');
                    </script>

  </head>
  <body data-spy="scroll" data-target="#bd-toc-nav" data-offset="60">
<!-- Checkboxes to toggle the left sidebar -->
<input type="checkbox" class="sidebar-toggle" name="__navigation" id="__navigation" aria-label="Toggle navigation sidebar">
<label class="overlay overlay-navbar" for="__navigation">
    <div class="visually-hidden">Toggle navigation sidebar</div>
</label>
<!-- Checkboxes to toggle the in-page toc -->
<input type="checkbox" class="sidebar-toggle" name="__page-toc" id="__page-toc" aria-label="Toggle in-page Table of Contents">
<label class="overlay overlay-pagetoc" for="__page-toc">
    <div class="visually-hidden">Toggle in-page Table of Contents</div>
</label>
<!-- Headers at the top -->
<div class="announcement header-item noprint">🚧 UNDER CONSTRUCTION: this guide is under heavy construction right now. 🚧</div>
<div class="header header-item noprint"></div>

    
    <div class="container-fluid" id="banner"></div>

    

    <div class="container-xl">
      <div class="row">
          
<!-- Sidebar -->
<div class="bd-sidebar noprint" id="site-navigation">
    <div class="bd-sidebar__content">
        <div class="bd-sidebar__top"><div class="navbar-brand-box">
    <a class="navbar-brand text-wrap" href="../../../index.html">
      
        <!-- `logo` is deprecated in Sphinx 4.0, so remove this when we stop supporting 3 -->
        
      
      
      <img src="../../../_static/logo.png" class="logo" alt="logo">
      
      
      <h1 class="site-logo" id="site-title">pyOpenSci Governance</h1>
      
    </a>
</div><form class="bd-search d-flex align-items-center" action="../../../search.html" method="get">
  <i class="icon fas fa-search"></i>
  <input type="search" class="form-control" name="q" id="search-input" placeholder="Search the docs ..." aria-label="Search the docs ..." autocomplete="off" >
</form><nav class="bd-links" id="bd-docs-nav" aria-label="Main">
    <div class="bd-toc-item active">
        <p aria-level="2" class="caption" role="heading">
 <span class="caption-text">
  Organization Structure
 </span>
</p>
<ul class="nav bd-sidenav">
 <li class="toctree-l1">
  <a class="reference internal" href="../../../organization/index.html">
   Organization intro
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toctree-l1">
  <a class="reference internal" href="../../../organization/mission-values.html">
   Mission and values
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toctree-l1">
  <a class="reference internal" href="../../../organization/structure.html">
   Structure and leadership
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toctree-l1">
  <a class="reference internal" href="../../../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html">
   Code of conduct
  </a>
 </li>
</ul>
<p aria-level="2" class="caption" role="heading">
 <span class="caption-text">
  Reference information
 </span>
</p>
<ul class="current nav bd-sidenav">
 <li class="toctree-l1 current active has-children">
  <a class="reference internal" href="../../index.html">
   Meeting Notes Archive
  </a>
  <input checked="" class="toctree-checkbox" id="toctree-checkbox-1" name="toctree-checkbox-1" type="checkbox"/>
  <label for="toctree-checkbox-1">
   <i class="fas fa-chevron-down">
   </i>
  </label>
  <ul class="current">
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="../2021/2021-05-17-software-review-scipy-notes.html">
     Meeting Notes 17 May 2021
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="../2020/2020-02-28-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 28 Feb 2020
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="../2020/2020-04-09-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 9 April 2020
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-01-31-notes.html">
     PyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 31 Jan 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-03-06-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 6 March 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-03-14-joss-discussion-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci meeting notes: 3-14-2019 JOSS / pyopensci Collaboration
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-04-04-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 4 April 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-04-18-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 18 April 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2 current active">
    <a class="current reference internal" href="#">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 9 May 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-05-30-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 30 May 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-06-20-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 20 June 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-08-01-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 1 August 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-08-22-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 22 August 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-09-20-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 20 September
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-10-03-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 3 October 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="../2018/2018-10-09-notes.html">
     10 October 2018: JOSS / pyopensci Collaboration
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="../2018/2018-10-26-notes.html">
     Meeting Notes - 26 Oct 2018
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="../2018/2018-11-16-notes.html">
     Meeting Notes - 16 Nov 2018
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="../2018/2018-12-07-notes.html">
     Meeting Notes - 7 Dec 2018
    </a>
   </li>
  </ul>
 </li>
</ul>

    </div>
</nav></div>
        <div class="bd-sidebar__bottom">
             <!-- To handle the deprecated key -->
            
            <div class="navbar_extra_footer">
            Theme by the <a href="https://ebp.jupyterbook.org">Executable Book Project</a>
            </div>
            
        </div>
    </div>
    <div id="rtd-footer-container"></div>
</div>


          


          
<!-- A tiny helper pixel to detect if we've scrolled -->
<div class="sbt-scroll-pixel-helper"></div>
<!-- Main content -->
<div class="col py-0 content-container">
    
    <div class="header-article row sticky-top noprint">
        



<div class="col py-1 d-flex header-article-main">
    <div class="header-article__left">
        
        <label for="__navigation"
  class="headerbtn"
  data-toggle="tooltip"
data-placement="right"
title="Toggle navigation"
>
  

<span class="headerbtn__icon-container">
  <i class="fas fa-bars"></i>
  </span>

</label>

        
    </div>
    <div class="header-article__right">
<button onclick="toggleFullScreen()"
  class="headerbtn"
  data-toggle="tooltip"
data-placement="bottom"
title="Fullscreen mode"
>
  

<span class="headerbtn__icon-container">
  <i class="fas fa-expand"></i>
  </span>

</button>
<a href="https://github.com/pyopensci/governance"
   class="headerbtn"
   data-toggle="tooltip"
data-placement="bottom"
title="Source repository"
>
  

<span class="headerbtn__icon-container">
  <i class="fab fa-github"></i>
  </span>

</a>

<div class="menu-dropdown menu-dropdown-download-buttons">
  <button class="headerbtn menu-dropdown__trigger"
      aria-label="Download this page">
      <i class="fas fa-download"></i>
  </button>
  <div class="menu-dropdown__content">
    <ul>
      <li>
        <a href="../../../_sources/reference/meeting-notes/2019/2019-05-09-notes.md.txt"
   class="headerbtn"
   data-toggle="tooltip"
data-placement="left"
title="Download source file"
>
  

<span class="headerbtn__icon-container">
  <i class="fas fa-file"></i>
  </span>
<span class="headerbtn__text-container">.md</span>
</a>

      </li>
      
      <li>
        
<button onclick="printPdf(this)"
  class="headerbtn"
  data-toggle="tooltip"
data-placement="left"
title="Print to PDF"
>
  

<span class="headerbtn__icon-container">
  <i class="fas fa-file-pdf"></i>
  </span>
<span class="headerbtn__text-container">.pdf</span>
</button>

      </li>
      
    </ul>
  </div>
</div>
<label for="__page-toc"
  class="headerbtn headerbtn-page-toc"
  
>
  

<span class="headerbtn__icon-container">
  <i class="fas fa-list"></i>
  </span>

</label>

    </div>
</div>

<!-- Table of contents -->
<div class="col-md-3 bd-toc show noprint">
    <div class="tocsection onthispage pt-5 pb-3">
        <i class="fas fa-list"></i> Contents
    </div>
    <nav id="bd-toc-nav" aria-label="Page">
        <ul class="visible nav section-nav flex-column">
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#attendees">
   Attendees
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#agenda">
   Agenda
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#joss-vs-ropensci-review-process">
   JOSS vs rOpenSci Review process
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#funding-opportunity-support-via-ropensci">
   Funding Opportunity support via rOpenSci
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#to-do-takeaways-for-everyone">
   To Do Takeaways - For Everyone
  </a>
 </li>
</ul>

    </nav>
</div>
    </div>
    <div class="article row">
        <div class="col pl-md-3 pl-lg-5 content-container">
            <!-- Table of contents that is only displayed when printing the page -->
            <div id="jb-print-docs-body" class="onlyprint">
                <h1>pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 9 May 2019</h1>
                <!-- Table of contents -->
                <div id="print-main-content">
                    <div id="jb-print-toc">
                        
                        <div>
                            <h2> Contents </h2>
                        </div>
                        <nav aria-label="Page">
                            <ul class="visible nav section-nav flex-column">
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#attendees">
   Attendees
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#agenda">
   Agenda
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#joss-vs-ropensci-review-process">
   JOSS vs rOpenSci Review process
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#funding-opportunity-support-via-ropensci">
   Funding Opportunity support via rOpenSci
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#to-do-takeaways-for-everyone">
   To Do Takeaways - For Everyone
  </a>
 </li>
</ul>

                        </nav>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
            <main id="main-content" role="main">
                
              <div>
                
  <section id="pyopensci-meeting-notes-9-may-2019">
<h1>pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 9 May 2019<a class="headerlink" href="#pyopensci-meeting-notes-9-may-2019" title="Permalink to this headline">#</a></h1>
<p>https://hackmd.io/ewQZvQdFSteXh3OXJIJPdw</p>
<section id="attendees">
<h2>Attendees<a class="headerlink" href="#attendees" title="Permalink to this headline">#</a></h2>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>Leah Wasser (Earth Lab, CU Boulder)</p></li>
<li><p>Kylen Solvik (Earth Lab, CU Boulder)</p></li>
<li><p>Lindsey Heagy (Berkeley)</p></li>
<li><p>Neil Chue Hong (Software Sustainability Institute)</p></li>
<li><p>Jenny Palomino (Earth Lab, CU Boulder)</p></li>
<li><p>Max Joseph (Earth Lab, CU Boulder)</p></li>
<li><p>Luiz Irber (UC Davis)</p></li>
<li><p>Leonardo Uieda (University of Hawaii at Manoa)</p></li>
<li><p>Noam Ross (EcoHealth Alliance / rOpenSci)</p></li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="agenda">
<h2>Agenda<a class="headerlink" href="#agenda" title="Permalink to this headline">#</a></h2>
<ol class="arabic">
<li><p>More new colleagues!</p></li>
<li><p>JOSS update – partnership is in place!!</p></li>
<li><p>SciPy bof submitted!!</p></li>
<li><p>Review process – where should the review template live to make it easier for people to find?</p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li><p>Create issues in package repo ala JOSS or do it all in the software-review repo ala rOpenSci? https://github.com/pyOpenSci/dev_guide/issues/17</p></li>
<li><p>Currently sits: https://www.pyopensci.org/dev_guide/appendices/templates.html#review-template</p></li>
</ol>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>NEIL – didn’t have an issue finding the template. he’d like to see it in the email AND the comment for the review … so maybe the editor should do this OR Whedon the bot could do this??</p></li>
<li><p>also in the guidances for reviewers and authors…</p></li>
<li><p>https://pyopensci.discourse.group/</p></li>
<li><p>Luiz: maybe create a review issue template, so the checklist doesn’t need to be copied? example: https://github.com/datrs/hypercore/tree/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE</p>
<ul>
<li><p>have one template for review, another for pre-review, and submissions</p></li>
<li><p>Kylen: We have issue templates for submission and pre-submission. Haven’t made one for review because they are comments on existing issues, not new issues by themselves. Is there the option to create a comment template?</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Luiz: I don’t think there is… sorry, I was thinking on the JOSS structure (where there is a pre-review and a review issue)</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Kylen (again): You can create saved replies in your own account, but not sure if you can create them on the repo/organization level. I’ll keep looking into this.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Whedon the bot update / Discussion with Noam about rOpenSci goals &amp; efforts</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://hackmd.io/KxM9HK-eSo-x2nkTOSBeow">rOpenSci Requirements based on a discussion with Arfon</a></p></li>
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://hackmd.io/Vw2tyNxZQ5-PItkQFTZqhA">Notes from meeting with Arfon</a></p></li>
<li><p>NOAM takes the floor:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Ropensci is talking with Arfon as well. JOSS requires a zenodo doi, they want to ensure the version of the package is accepted is linked to a DOI. DOI’s are relevant for JOSS but not explicitly tracked in the ropensci process. The DOI for the final version in the review is used for JOSS.</p></li>
<li><p>ropensci has a diagnostic package that they use to provide some feedback and it’s run on submission in a standardized envt… and the bot will be able to spit out results</p></li>
<li><p>They’ve had a few scenarios where authors have requested an updated review. It’s not practical… because it’s resource intensive…</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p><span class="xref myst">Current whedon functionality</span></p></li>
<li><ul>
<li><p>one we get feedback on the bot, send all of the input to karthik, arfon and noam</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Linsdey – dashboard with whedon – allows them to look at editor and reviewer loads, etc etc… that is super helpful. JOSS backend might be a google sheet.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>
</section>
<section id="joss-vs-ropensci-review-process">
<h2>JOSS vs rOpenSci Review process<a class="headerlink" href="#joss-vs-ropensci-review-process" title="Permalink to this headline">#</a></h2>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>JOSS process follows PLOS – minimal requirements whereas rOpenSci is more intense process.</p></li>
<li><p>LEO: JOSS for example doesn’t have (automated) test requirements. it’s valuable for us to be more strict</p></li>
<li><p>LUIZ: especially considering curating packages…we want to give our stamp of approval</p></li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="funding-opportunity-support-via-ropensci">
<h2>Funding Opportunity support via rOpenSci<a class="headerlink" href="#funding-opportunity-support-via-ropensci" title="Permalink to this headline">#</a></h2>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>Ropensci applied for funding – to support methods focused packages</p></li>
<li><p>aggregate, automate and document current ropensci processes</p>
<ul>
<li><p>how to create a review community</p></li>
<li><p>automation</p>
<ul>
<li><p>creating reviewer databases</p></li>
<li><p>Send reminders, etc - create tools to handle this and make it easy for other groups to adopt</p></li>
<li><p>Write standards for software in a way that can be tested</p>
<ul>
<li><p>(Luiz) semi-relevant: https://www.thoughtworks.com/insights/blog/fitness-function-driven-development</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Noam needs a letter of support by May 16.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>One pager: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kZStdLA98TvFe1_0r0IuSBPyg-PL_32wBvw599Zu4NM/edit</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Support:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>+1000 (luiz)</p></li>
<li><p>:tada: Lindsey</p></li>
<li><p>This addresses a huge gap! +1 Max</p></li>
<li><p>+1 leah !!</p></li>
<li><p>:thumbsup: Jenny</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ol class="arabic simple" start="6">
<li><p>First package review checkin: Jenny, Neil, Chris (might not make it)</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>leah followed up with filipe. she will ping him again:)</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Second package review – <a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/pyOpenSci/software-review/issues/3">earthpy</a></p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>Editor needed: Luiz!!</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Luiz: I did, and would love to be the editor =]  — YAY!!</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Reviewers:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Carson Farmer (check in with him again)</p></li>
<li><p>Kylen S.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Levi Wolf (of PySAL, Contextily, and Geopandas) volunteered to be a future reviewer</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>New pre-submission inquiry! <a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/pyOpenSci/software-review/issues/2">pacifica</a></p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>Please provide your feedback on whether we should encourage a submission in this document (be mindful this document is public so if you are not comfortable with that please email us or speak up during our meeting!!)</p></li>
<li><p>More info might be helpful here - the provided link is https://github.com/pacifica but, that has many repos. It might be easier to review if we are reviewing one repository, rather than many repositories.</p></li>
<li><p>The core repository is a Docker compose pipeline (https://github.com/pacifica/pacifica) composed of submodules, each of which is a package - maybe this would be hard to review?</p></li>
<li><p>rOpenSci has onboarded suites of tools but also didn’t accept a tool that wrapped around another language… given that would be outside of our expertise..</p></li>
<li><p>a shiny app would not be accepted nor a larger system</p></li>
<li><p>LUIZ: pyopensci is more for lego blocks vs .. do we want to curate small packages or packages that can work together…</p></li>
<li><p>NOAM: there are different ways that a python “package” could be presented. we might want to define what a package is and means…</p></li>
<li><p>LEO: for python there is a standard packaging schema but you could have say a web app… that has a different structure. PAcifica does seem to have a set of a few sub packages that have standard python packages..</p></li>
<li><p>Luiz: would we consider jupyter for example…</p></li>
<li><p>NEIL: we need to really define the scope of what creates a package and what we will review… perhaps we need  something that refines the scope, the type of package, how it sits within a larger envt, etc…</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>
<p>TODO: how do we dfeine the scope of a what a package is….</p>
<ol class="arabic simple" start="9">
<li><p>Development glossary – anyone want to contribute and where should we place it? https://github.com/pyOpenSci/dev_guide/issues/8</p></li>
<li><p>PyCon open space feedback (Luiz)</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>a quickstart (condensed guide)</p></li>
<li><p>nanopore interested in contributing software, might be a good venue</p></li>
<li><p>EBI (European Bioinformatics Institute) has lots of open source packages, but not much marketing</p></li>
<li><p>.org website feedback</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Link discourse to the main page of pyopensci.org: https://pyopensci.discourse.group/</p></li>
<li><p>.org website – too overwhelming for someone new??</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>accept submissions to pyOpenSci that are already JOSS papers?</p>
<ul>
<li><p>another fast track?</p></li>
<li><p>makes sense for the “curated packages” approach</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>requirements?</p>
<ul>
<li><p>code coverage? (no)</p>
<ul>
<li><p>ropensci doesn’t have a % coverage but automated testing and CI is required. The code coverage is required to be reported. if the coverage is low, you have to justify it to the editor…</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>stable versions (semantic versioning?)</p></li>
<li><p>Link to current reqs: https://www.pyopensci.org/dev_guide/packaging/packaging_guide.html#overview</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>
</section>
<section id="to-do-takeaways-for-everyone">
<h2>To Do Takeaways - For Everyone<a class="headerlink" href="#to-do-takeaways-for-everyone" title="Permalink to this headline">#</a></h2>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li><p>Please review the whedon bot requirements and give us feedback
2. email to arfon, karthik and noam about whatever our requirements end up being for whedon.</p></li>
<li><p>Please review the pacifica submission and provide your input</p></li>
<li><p>TODO: how do we dfeine the scope of a what a package is….</p></li>
<li><p>LUIZ will begin the editor process for review of earthpy</p></li>
</ol>
</section>
</section>


              </div>
              
            </main>
            <footer class="footer-article noprint">
                
    <!-- Previous / next buttons -->
<div class='prev-next-area'>
    <a class='left-prev' id="prev-link" href="2019-04-18-notes.html" title="previous page">
        <i class="fas fa-angle-left"></i>
        <div class="prev-next-info">
            <p class="prev-next-subtitle">previous</p>
            <p class="prev-next-title">pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 18 April 2019</p>
        </div>
    </a>
    <a class='right-next' id="next-link" href="2019-05-30-notes.html" title="next page">
    <div class="prev-next-info">
        <p class="prev-next-subtitle">next</p>
        <p class="prev-next-title">pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 30 May 2019</p>
    </div>
    <i class="fas fa-angle-right"></i>
    </a>
</div>
            </footer>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="footer-content row">
        <footer class="col footer"><p>
  
    By Leah Wasser<br/>
  
      &copy; Copyright 2022, pyOpenSci.<br/>
</p>
        </footer>
    </div>
    
</div>


      </div>
    </div>
  
  <!-- Scripts loaded after <body> so the DOM is not blocked -->
  <script src="../../../_static/scripts/pydata-sphinx-theme.js?digest=1999514e3f237ded88cf"></script>


  </body>
</html>